= Gradekit

A toolkit for accelerating the process of grading student programming assignments for {CSCI261 Programming Concepts}[http://mines.humanoriented.com/261] at the {Colorado School of Mines}[http://mines.edu].

== Setup & Dependencies

Gradekit is written in Ruby 1.9.2 and relies on some gems and a working installation of {Sublime Text 2}[http://www.sublimetext.com/2] with the +sublime_text+ executable in your +PATH+. I recommend using {rvm}[http://beginrescueend.com/] to establish your ruby environment and creating a gemset specifically for the gradekit.

* Install {rvm}[http://beginrescueend.com/], add the rvm executable to your path, install ruby 1.9.2 with rvm, and create a gemset called +gradekit+.
* Install {Sublime Text 2}[http://www.sublimetext.com/2] and add the +sublime_text+ executable to your +PATH+.
* Create a directory, say +grading+, within which you intend to conduct your grading work.
* Create the file +grading/.rvmrc+ that contains the line +rvm use 1.9.2@gradekit+.
* From within your +grading+ directory, install the bundler gem and the gradekit gem.

To verify that your environment is ready to conduct grading, execute the +check+ workflow.

  gradekit check

Executing that workflow should tell you that everything is ok, or tell you what dependencies are missing from your environment.

== Quick Start

Download an assignment "amalgamation" .zip file from blackboard to your working directory. Next, start the grading workflow:

  gradekit grade ##_assignmentName

When complete, you should see a new Sublime Text window whose sidebar contains a directory called +students+ and a file called +##_assignmentName.gradesheet.txt+.

== How to Grade

The goal of Gradekit is to accelerate, not automate, the end-to-end grading process.

# TODO

== Support

# TODO


Copyright (c) 2011 Yong Joseph Bakos. All rights reserved.
